docs/javascript: advise to create less yarn.nix files (#182702)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/javascript.section.md

#### Preparation {#javascript-yarn2nix-preparation}

> You will need at least a yarn.lock file. If upstream does not have one you need to generate it and copy it into nixpkgs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need at least a `yarn.lock` file. If upstream does not have one you need to generate it and copy it into nixpkgs.
```

What do you mean by copying into `nixpkgs`? I would not know what exactly to do here if I had to follow these instructions.

Author: > What do you mean by copying into nixpkgs?

vendor the file.

> I would not know what exactly to do here if I had to follow these instructions.

Yeah but I don't really want to fully rework it right now. Just want to remove the wrong parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need at least a `yarn.lock` file.
If upstream does not have one you need to generate it and add it to your package declaration.
```

If the downloaded files contain the `package.json` and `yarn.lock` files they can be used like this:

```nix
offlineCache = fetchYarnDeps {
  yarnLock = src + "/yarn.lock";
  sha256 = "....";
};
```

#### mkYarnPackage {#javascript-yarn2nix-mkYarnPackage}

> This will by default try to generate a binary. For package only generating static assets (Svelte, Vue, React, WebPack, ...), you will need to explicitly override the build step with your instructions. It's important to use the `--offline` flag. For example if you script is `"build": "something"` in package.json use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mkYarnPackage` will by default try to generate a binary.
For packages that only generate static assets (Svelte, Vue, React, WebPack, ...), you will need to explicitly override the build step with your instructions.

It's important to use the `--offline` flag.
For example, if your script is `"build": "something"` in `package.json` use:
```

distPhase = "true";
```

The configure phase can sometimes fail because it makes many assumptions which may not always apply. One common override is:

```nix
configurePhase = ''
  ln -s $node_modules node_modules
'';
```

or if you need a writeable node_modules directory:

```nix
configurePhase = ''
  cp -r $node_modules node_modules
  chmod +w node_modules
'';
```

#### mkYarnModules {#javascript-yarn2nix-mkYarnModules}

> This will generate a derivation including the node_modules. If you have to build a derivation for an integrated web framework (rails, phoenix..), this is probably the easiest way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate a derivation including the `node_modules` directory.
If you have to build a derivation for an integrated web framework (rails, phoenix..), this is probably the easiest way.
```
